>> Here are my colleagues, David and Ryan.
David used to work at Ford as
a self-driving car engineer before he joined Udacity as an instructor,
and Ryan is a recovering astrophysicist
who was looking for self-driving car in outer space,
couldn't find them, and joined us as an instructor here at Udacity.
>> Awesome. Thanks, Sebastian.
So, the most exciting part of this course is that at the end of the course,
you'll be able to put your own code on a real self-driving car.
In fact, it's that car right there behind us.
>> That's right. So welcome to the program.
You and I are going to be learning together to write code to drive a car.
We're gonna have David and Sebastian looking after us,
and we'll be bringing in industry experts to join us in the classroom as well.
So let's get started. All right.